So. you're the cop?
Ex cop.
Jesus Christ!
It's happening all over London.
So far. we have over 300 fatalities.
but that figure's bound to rise.
This is the man we believe
brought this cocaine into the country.
The police will make our
lives hell for what happened.
That cocaine was deliberately spiked.
By whom?
That's what I intend to find out.
I'm gonna make them pay.
You boys is trespassing.
Phone. There's only one number.
Call it.
Sean?
Last night's spiking was Sean's doing.
and someone on the outside helped him.
We still going ahead with this?
Yeah.
Recognise him? Tell me his name.
That was your wife? It
wasn't a hit and a run.
Tell me or I'll fucking kill you!
Sean!
Come on. boy.
Sean. it's all right. It's us.
Come on. son. We gotta go.
- Jesus.
- This way.
Come on.
All units. code 2.
I repeat. a code 2. Officers
down. Seven dead. One injured...
You. stay here. Let's go.
You set everything up. like I said?
All done. Money. guns.
We're going to the helicopter now.
London won't know what fucking hit it.
What the fuck's...
Block! Point! Driver!
What's going on?
Fucking Albanians! Lay down.
There's a grey BMW. Round the block.
Key's under the front wing.
You get it started.
we'll follow you. Go on.
Go!
Go. go. go. go!
Whoa.
Hey.
Fuck off.
Sean!
I'm only interested in the man
that killed Naomi and Samuel
and who ordered it.
You give me his name.
I'll help you get away.
Listen!
I meant what I said.
You tell me what I need to know.
I'll help you get out of the city.
I'll tell you.
If you help me first.
Sean! Sean!
Tell luan I said no one
touches Sean Wallace!
Where's Sean?
He's not here.
We can't leave without him.
We gotta go.
We gotta go fucking now!
He'll meet us at the helicopter.
Okay?
We have a man severely injured.
He's one of the gang members.
Multiple gunshot wounds on trauma one.
On the way to hospital. Over.
Don't worry. You're gonna be okay.
What are you doing? We've got...
Switch on your siren. Start driving.
Now.
Okay.
- Hey.
- Shit.
Hey. Hey.
You want to earn some money. mate?
I don't know you. bruv.
Ten grand. I'll give you ten grand.
You what?
Fuck off. big man.
before I call the mandem.
Hey. listen. Do you know
who Sean Wallace is?
That's me. I'm Sean
Wallace. Check your phone.
I'm all over the Internet.
If you help me now. I'll give
you ten thousand pounds.
Help you how?
I need some money to get
across London. Two hundred.
I need it now.
If I help you. I want twenty g.
Twenty grand.
All right. follow me.
Open up.
You wait here.
Smoke him. giddy. Do it.
Just be calm.
Don't you fucking move.
If you kill me now.
you'll lose twenty grand.
We're not losing nothing. bitch.
There's two mill on your head.
What do you mean?
The Albanians. you know?
'Cause you poisoned all that gear.
Nah. I didn't poison anything.
I had nothing to do with that.
Four million. I'll give you four million.
Listen to this waste man.
Begging for coin and then
acting like he's a millionaire.
You know who my family are. don't you?
I'm a fucking Wallace.
you know that. right?
All I know is that you're my payday.
But right now. smoke him. giddy.
Or give me the skeng and I'll do it.
No. I'm doing it. I can fucking do it.
Hey. hey.
Shit!
Hey. catch that motherfucker.
Fuck!
Let's go.
Open it.
Okay. it's okay. mate. What's going on?
Why have we stopped?
What's...
Move.
You two. up there.
Sit down.
Keep your mouth shut.
Don't fucking move.
He needs that oxygen.
Fuck did I just say?
Can you hear me?
I know you helped break him out.
Where are they taking Sean?
I don't know.
Listen. I'm only gonna
ask you one more time.
But I don't know. I don't.
You can't just turn that thing on.
Don't worry. I know what I'm doing.
I told you... I don't know anything.
I swear.
You'll kill him.
You'll kill him like this!
- Fuck.
- Please...
Shh.
Where... Is he going?
Okay. okay. okay. okay. okay. okay.
Please. please...
Close the door.
Someone's trying to frame
me for this cocaine spiking.
I had nothing to do with it.
I don't care.
Look. I really regret what I did to you.
And I'm gonna make things right.
Just tell me what you want.
Car and some cash.
I don't have much time.
My car is up front. you can take it.
There is money in the safe.
I know what I did was wrong.
I know.
You have no fucking idea.
I have to get away from here.
But I'll be back.
I'll make things right with you.
I promise.
Liam. I know she's here.
- She's not here. Billy.
- Of course she's fucking here.
You're here. these
fucking goons are here.
Where the fuck else is she gonna be?
I just need five minutes with her.
I'm sorry.
You've heard the
Albanians have put a bounty
out on Sean's head. right?
He's been stitched up for a
spiking he didn't fucking do.
Now he's out there on his own
with no money and no phone.
Just give me a few of your
guys to help me go find him
because we need to catch up with him
before someone else does.
You need to talk to
your mother about that.
That's what he's trying to fucking do.
I'll tell her you called. Billy.
Fuck's sake.
Anything fucking happens
to Sean and you're to blame!
I told you we shouldn't
have fucking come here.
She'd never fucking help.
You fucking bitch!
Calm the fuck down. Billy. Come on.
Hundreds have died.
Luan has lost a child.
All because of Sean.
Whatever happens now is all on him.
They were taking Sean to greenwich.
so that's where he'll be headed.
Where abouts in greenwich?
He didn't know.
I'll tell faz and the others
to meet us there now.
Did you hear though?
Luan's put a bounty of
two million on Sean's head.
You fucking kidding me?
Elliot.
Luan. what part of I need Sean alive...
Did you not understand?
I don't care what you
want or anyone else.
He killed my child.
So they're gonna pay for it.
Luan! Luan!
You got Sean?
I did. but he got away.
I shot him. so he won't be far.
I won't forget this. lale.
Luan.
Just let me know when he's dead.
Good. He's waking up. Ronnie.
Took you a while. love.
Now. before you start whinging.
know that it's been more than a decade
since I stitched up a
gunshot wound like that.
You're lucky she didn't
stitch your face to her arse.
Don't mind that codger.
He's just upset he can't
spend the whole day downstairs
in that bloody pub.
I've got tea on the stove for you.
- Grab me a biscuit. will ya?
- Grab it yourself.
You lazy sod.
Fucking old cow.
Are you trying to catch flies?
- Where am I?
- I found you passed out in the yard.
Thought you were legless.
till I saw all that blood.
I wanted to leave you there.
But the missus wouldn't hear of it.
Here you go.
Where's me biscuit?
Milk or sugar?
What time is it?
- Six o'clock. love.
- Shit.
You need to rest.
I need to get to greenwich
as soon as possible.
Off you totter.
'Cause your mug's all over the telly.
I don't care. I need to get there.
Where's my gun?
No chance.
Ronnie will take you.
Why are you helping me?
There was a time when
we worshiped your father.
You speak for yourself.
Finn was there for our oldest
when he got himself in a pickle.
Now we're repaying that debt.
Do you have a car?
A car?
We haven't driven in years.
But Ronnie worked down the tunnels.
He knows all the shortcuts.
He can get you where you need to go.
Seeing as I got no say in nothing.
I'll just go and get my coat then. will I?
Thanks.
Just so we're clear.
I don't want you going around
telling people we helped ya.
Me and the missus have
got enough problems as it is.
- Where are you taking me?
- To the gutter.
How long till we get to greenwich?
Rate you're moving. about an hour.
Haven't got an hour.
You're welcome to
get the bus if you want.
Hold that. Turn it on.
I had that.
Move. move. move!
I'm looking for Sean Wallace.
We're not a missing persons bureau.
If you want a drink. great.
Otherwise. you know where the door is.
I've been standing up to bullies
long before you were even born.
He's with Ronnie.
They went down the tunnels.
Bravo.
Here they are.
- About fucking time.
- We're waiting for one more.
Are you joking?
- We're on a tight window.
- He'll be here. Don't worry.
Look. I'm just saying. if we're
not ready to take off by seven
I am in no mood for
windy cunts right now.
So fuck off.
What if he doesn't make it?
He'll make it.
Don't you worry.
The name Sean Wallace
still means something.
Somebody will help him.
All we've got to do now...
Is hold our nerve.
Stick to the plan.
Get Sean out of here.
regroup. and then we'll
make all them cunts pay.
Sean... you... me...
Soon we're gonna be
boss in this fucking city.
Which bit of greenwich you after?
By the old wharf. there's a pub.
Yeah. I know it.
What is this place?
You never took the tube to
your fancy private school then?
I know what the fucking
tube is. And it isn't this.
These are access tunnels.
Haven't been touched in decades.
You've got something in common then.
Is it safe down here? Feels
like we might catch the plague.
Don't stick your cock in anything.
if that's what you're asking.
So what's the big plan. then?
Get to Ireland.
I've got family and friends
there who are willing to back me.
So you can return here.
and settle all your scores.
Something like that.
How do you know about these tunnels?
Before I had the boozer.
I worked in sewage.
Not everyone's born a Wallace.
So how come you knew my father?
I didn't.
But where do you think his cronies
used to hide their shite back in the day?
In shit.
Bingo.
Bodies. blow. you name it.
So you didn't worship him then?
Deborah's words. not mine.
Well. she said your son
got himself in a pickle.
Well. that's one way of putting it.
He ran up drug debts and
your father wrote them off.
Is he okay now. your son?
He's dead.
Sorry.
I'm glad my father wrote off his debt.
Yeah. Only after he put those
drugs on the street in the first place.
Why are you helping me.
- if that's how you feel?
- 'Cause the missus said so.
You do everything the missus tells you?
I take it you've never been married.
He's coming here to greenwich.
So I want all your eyes on the street.
He might be in a car or on foot.
Whatever. I don't care. I want him found.
and I want him alive.
- All right?
- Yes. boss.
- Go!
- Come on. you lot.
Jump in. Let's go. Come on.
What's wrong with your face?
Yo. if you've got something to say. say it.
I hear you about finding the guy.
- It just feels wrong.
- Which part?
Sean had your dad killed.
And my uncle.
Helping that piece of shit
stay alive just feels fucked up.
I say we kill him and
we just split that bounty.
My family were killed in a hit and run...
By the same guy who killed
the driver that spiked the cocaine.
Hey. I'm sorry. but
Elliot. what does that
have to do with Sean?
- He said it wasn't an accident.
- And you trust him?
What's to say he's not trying to
fuck with your mind right now?
Nothing.
But I can't risk finding out that he isn't.
Please.
How much further?
It's not far.
Just... Just give me a second.
You want some advice?
- Have I got a choice?
- Not really.
Enlighten me.
When you do get to
Ireland. just stay there.
Why?
Your father made it look easy
with all the charm and patter.
But to do what he did.
you have to be a right proper cunt. too.
You think I can't be a right proper cunt?
You don't fucking know me.
It's what my gut's telling me.
Let's get out of this shit! Come on.
- Someone's coming.
- Come on. son. Let's move it.
Down here.
Come on. Let's move it. son.
To the left. there's a door to
the sewage system and out.
That will take you where you need to be.
Come on! Over here.
Come on. get up! Get up.
Give me the keys. Quick.
- Which one?
- Silver one.
- Go and fuck yourself.
- Square.
Fuck!
Come on! Move in front. Do it!
Come on!
Get in. Quick!
Ronnie. Ronnie. come on.
No. go!
I'm all right.
Go. No!
- Come on! Come on!
- Go!
We have to go now or
they won't let us take off.
I told you. The window closes at seven.
You'll fucking wait.
Stop. stop. stop. stop. stop. There he is.
Sean. stop.
You're like a bad fucking penny.
Hey! What the fuck are you doing?
Guys. we have to go now.
If you wanna get on that helicopter.
you tell me what I need to know.
What's his fucking name?
Tell me!
That's fucking Sean.
Come on.
Fuck.
- Who the fuck was that?
- I don't know.
Elliot! Elliot?
Hey. hey.
Hey.
Who the fuck are you?
What do you want?
Just tell me how much you want.
Name a figure and I'll pay.
I don't need your money.
Then what?
I can get you whatever you need.
Look at you now.
The great Sean Wallace.
I
I thought it'd be
difficult getting you here.
Piece of piss.
You're not so special.
Are you?
Five million.
Five million to let me go.
Ten million.
You can't kill me.
I'm a Wallace.
I'm Sean fucking Wallace!
I'm a proper fucking cunt!